---
layout: post
title: "Day 5 - The Game"
---

### What I Set Out to Do
[In your own words, describe what you were aiming to create or figure out this week. What problem were you trying to solve? What feature were you excited to try? What question did you want to answer?]

I wanted to finish all of the code for the code, and probably exclude the Bonus Game.
---

### What I Actually Did

[Describe what you actually ended up doing or discovering. If things changed along the way (they often do!), what changed and why? Include screenshots, diagrams, or code snippets if helpful.]

I got the game to work, with three levels which progressively get harder with more time and faster balls. I ended up doing away with the Bonus Game, because I figured it would be way too much work for me to do on such little time.
---

### What I Learned or Noticed

[What did you take away from your work this week?
It could be technical (like learning how to use Pygame or CSS Grid), strategic (such as finding a better way to plan), or personal (like discovering how you stay motivated). Your takeaway might be small (figuring out a tricky method or function) or big (like realizing how much you’ve grown as a problem solver).
Try to be specific—

For example: 
   * This: ✅ “During class, we discussed dictionaries and I realized that I can use them to organize player stats way more cleanly than using parallel lists.”

   * NOT this: ❌ “This week helped me realize I actually enjoy debugging when I understand the bigger picture.”]

I learned how to make clickable rects move in Pygame. It was very useful in getting the balls to disappear whenever they got clicked on. And I think I learned a lot about how scopes work in Python and how to put parameters and arguments to good use.
---

### What's Next

[What do you plan to tackle in the next stage of your project?]

Turning it in!

