---
layout: post
title: "Final Post - Advice to Future CS Students"
---

## What’s One Thing You’d Tell Someone Starting This Course?

Looking back, what’s one piece of advice you’d give to someone just beginning this project or course? What helped you most—whether it was a mindset, habit, or practical strategy?

 -- Honestly, the one thing that I would recommend to someone doing a project like this is to start small. You may be super ambitious with whatever it is that you want to do, but start small, especially if you're dealing with software you have almost zero past experience with.

## What Did You Learn That Might Stick With You?

What did this project teach you—about programming, learning, or yourself? You can talk about a specific concept you finally understood, a skill you improved, or a moment you felt proud of your work or proud of yourself!

-- I learned how to use GUIs in Python! I felt that learning that skill would be very useful in the future (programming, game development, etc.) as I am getting into Computer Science. And this project kind of made me feel a little bit of nostalgia to back when I was developing Roblox games, and spending hours trying to get certain things in the game to work.

## What Helped You Get Through Challenges?

How did you handle bugs, confusion, or lack of motivation? What would you tell someone who hits a roadblock and isn’t sure how to keep going?

-- Patience. Patience is KEY to getting through difficulty in programming. If someone were to come up to me as a new programmer and ask me for some advice when it comes to challenges specifically, I would warn them that a lot of things can and will go wrong, but so long as you are patient with yourself and with your code, and so long as you don't give up, you will be able to get to where you want/need to be.

## What’s Next for You?

What are you planning to focus on after this class—another project, a different course, an artistic or academic goal? Even if it’s not related to CS, how might the skills you practiced here (like logical thinking, problem-solving, or creative debugging) show up in the future?

-- I'm going to try to learn C++, as I feel that in college, I am going to need to know how to use it. And I think after doing a lot of coding and experimenting with different coding softwares and compilers, I feel pretty confident about learning C++.

---
