---
layout: post
title: "Day 3 - Manipulating Buttons"
---

### What I Set Out to Do
[In your own words, describe what you were aiming to create or figure out this week. What problem were you trying to solve? What feature were you excited to try? What question did you want to answer?]

I wanted to learn how to make buttons in Pygame work with images.
---

### What I Actually Did

[Describe what you actually ended up doing or discovering. If things changed along the way (they often do!), what changed and why? Include screenshots, diagrams, or code snippets if helpful.]

I succeeded at getting buttons to work in Pygame. I only got the help menu to work, though. I also worked on some more artwork.
---

### What I Learned or Noticed

[What did you take away from your work this week?
It could be technical (like learning how to use Pygame or CSS Grid), strategic (such as finding a better way to plan), or personal (like discovering how you stay motivated). Your takeaway might be small (figuring out a tricky method or function) or big (like realizing how much you’ve grown as a problem solver).
Try to be specific—

For example: 
   * This: ✅ “During class, we discussed dictionaries and I realized that I can use them to organize player stats way more cleanly than using parallel lists.”

   * NOT this: ❌ “This week helped me realize I actually enjoy debugging when I understand the bigger picture.”]

I learned about an event in Pygame called MOUSEBUTTON1DOWN, which constantly looks out for any left clicks, which is definitely going to be useful for making the clicking in the game work.
---

### What's Next

[What do you plan to tackle in the next stage of your project?]

I'm going to finish all the artwork for the project.

