---
layout: post
title: "Day 2 - Starting the GUIs"
---

### What I Set Out to Do
[In your own words, describe what you were aiming to create or figure out this week. What problem were you trying to solve? What feature were you excited to try? What question did you want to answer?]

I wanted to make more GUIs and learn how to make functioning buttons in Pygame.
---

### What I Actually Did

[Describe what you actually ended up doing or discovering. If things changed along the way (they often do!), what changed and why? Include screenshots, diagrams, or code snippets if helpful.]

I only got to working on the designs and artwork of the GUIs, and I learned how to scale images in Pygame to make the images higher quality.
---

### What I Learned or Noticed

[What did you take away from your work this week?
It could be technical (like learning how to use Pygame or CSS Grid), strategic (such as finding a better way to plan), or personal (like discovering how you stay motivated). Your takeaway might be small (figuring out a tricky method or function) or big (like realizing how much you’ve grown as a problem solver).
Try to be specific—

For example: 
   * This: ✅ “During class, we discussed dictionaries and I realized that I can use them to organize player stats way more cleanly than using parallel lists.”

   * NOT this: ❌ “This week helped me realize I actually enjoy debugging when I understand the bigger picture.”]

I learned how the GUIs in Pygame worked and how to display images on the Pygame screen. It was pretty challenging to do, but I did get the images to show on the screen.
---

### What's Next

[What do you plan to tackle in the next stage of your project?]

I'm going to keep making more GUIs and hopefully get the buttons in Pygame to work.
